theme_close=Close
theme_search=Search
theme_print=Print
donate_thankyou=Thank you for your donation
sidebar_open=Show sidebar
sidebar_close=Close sidebar
sidebar_refresh=Refresh
sidebar_header0=System Information
sidebar_host=System hostname
sidebar_os=Operating system
sidebar_login=Logged in as
sidebar_from=Logged in from
sidebar_webmin=Webmin version
sidebar_usermin=Usermin Version
sidebar_cpu=CPU load averages
sidebar_load=$1 (1 min) $2 (5 mins) $3 (15 mins)
sidebar_real=Real memory
sidebar_virt=Virtual memory
sidebar_procs=Running processes
sidebar_disk=Local disk space
sidebar_used=$1 total, $2 used
sidebar_out=$1&nbsp;of&nbsp;$2
sidebar_quota=Disk usage and quota
sidebar_header5=Account Information
sidebar_uquota=Disk quota and usage
sidebar_time=Time on server


